Flux v0.125.0 (#3023)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/v2.0/reference/release-notes/flux.md

    name: Flux
---

## v0.125.0 [2021-08-11]

### Features
- Add feature flag library as an internal package.
- Add narrow transformation transport.
- Add transport-aware dataset.
- Simplify the transport interface and add a transformation adapter.
- Add [`contrib/sranka/webexteams` package](/influxdb/v2.0/reference/flux/stdlib/contrib/webexteams/).
- Add optimized repeat function for arrow arrays.
- Add two additional internal message types.

### Bug fixes

> - Update transformation adapter to correctly error when receiving a flush key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update transformation adapter to return an error when receiving a flush key
```
